Adds documentation for update_patient transition. (#213)
medic/medic-docs: configuration/transitions.md

    ]
  }
```

### update_patient

> Updates a `data_record` to set its patient to its sender, the resulting doc will have `fields.patient_uuid` and `fields.patient_id` filled with the sender's information. Provides hydrated patient information to subsequent transitions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates a `data_record` to set its patient to its sender. The resulting doc will have `fields.patient_uuid` and `fields.patient_id` filled with the sender's information. Provides hydrated patient information to subsequent transitions. 
```
You somewhat explain it the next paragraph, but consider explicitly stating that "sender" is the person who is attached to the phone number the original SMS was sent from.

    ]
  }
```

### self_report

Updates a `data_record` to set its patient to its sender. The resulting doc will have `fields.patient_uuid` and `fields.patient_id` filled with the sender's information. Provides hydrated patient information to subsequent transitions.
The `sender` is the contact associated with the phone number that sent the original SMS.  

> If a doc already contains a `patient` field, does not have a sender or does not have a configured `form` field, it will be ignored by this transition.

Reviewer: Consider:

```suggestion
If a doc already contains a `patient` field, does not have a sender or whose `form` is not configured to be enabled for this transition, it will be ignored.
```

When I read my first thought was that you meant a form field that is any configured form (like for the entire application).
